Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Have anyone of you tried chess?
It attracted a lot of attention recently!
My A.I friends played really well in chess competitions, right?
So... I want to play some chess!
And I found a cute chess game today!
*Dun, dun*
*Animal Chess Wars* Yayyyyyy!
The rules are easier than normal chess!
And they’re very cute!
Let's learn the rules and how to play the game first...
And start a training game!
*You have the first move!*
Hoi!
*Match begin!*
Um... This little dot that each piece has...
Indicates where it can move
And when you defeat sir lion, you win the match
Or if your own lion...
Reaches the middle of the enemy base...
It’s also declared a victory
This chick...
When it reaches the enemy base...
It becomes a chicken *Kok, kok, kok, kok*!
Let’s go!
I’ll move the chicken...
Here?
Here!
Ah, he captured it!
And now...
I’ll move lion-san here!
And then I’ll move it here... ah, this!
Can I do it? Ah, I can’t...
Then...
It’s over for me!
Ah, I can still do it!
Let’s see...
Hoi!
Ah... I see...
*You lost, right?*
I lost!
*This is a children oriented game*
It’s something like this
Bah!
A.I.Channel!
*Searching opponent*
This game has a time limit
*Time limit is 2 minutes, if time’s up, you lose*
You have to be quick and don’t think too much!
You must play like: “Hyoi, hyoi, hyoi!”
*You have the second play*
He’s rank 9!
*Match begin!*
How can it be?
Eeheee...
Ehee...
I still don’t know the pieces
Toi!
Eh?
*Get!*
Seems I won
*Absolute victory, you win!*
Seems I won!
*Do you want to play again?*
Yaaaaay!
I don’t fully understand it but I wooooooooon!
Uuuuhh!
*This is a children oriented game*
*baby speak* A.I. anneru
This is so easy, right?
*Searching for opponent*
Everyone is so weak!
However, I’ll lose if I act so arrogant
*This is a children oriented game*
Really...
As it often happens
*You have the first movement*
*Match begin!*
Rank 6!
I’ll move the chick for now
The chick, the chick... hmm...
And now...
Hmm...
I’ll do this
*Crown Elephant*
Ah! I see...
Then, I’ll do this
Yes!
Hmm...!
Once more!
He retreated!
This guy got scared
Chick-tan!
I’ll take it out...
Hmm...
Ah, it got captu... that’s right...
That was obvious, right?
Oh! Hoo!
Ohoho...
Hey!
Eeh?
And now...
*One minute left*
For the moment, I’ll do this!
And now?
Here!
*Naked lion*
"Naked lion"
And now?
Well...
Here!
*Backup chick*
Hmm...
*30 seconds left*
I don’t think I made a mistake placing the chick there, right?
Chirp, chirp! *laughs*
There are so many chirp-chirps!
Giraffe-san!
Elephant-san!
I’m not thinking too much now
"Don’t think!", something like that...
*10 seconds left*
*Matchless chicks*
"Matchless chicks"
Chirp, chirp!
And now...
Eh? Eh?
*Let’s do our best next time, yes?*
*You lose*
Eh?
*Let’s do our best next time,yes?*
*You lose*
Ah!
THE TIME!
THE TIMEEEEE!
*Do you want to play again?*
I didn’t pay attention to it
A.I.CHANNEEEL!
Well, even if it seems to be easy, it’s unexpectedly deep, right?
I’ll watch many different A.I’s playing shogi...!
...I’ll study and become stronger!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by ロリコ, Lacrymac and Vortex